#Reflection

######From the midterm, I mainly focused on making the website more contextualized and interactive. The website is specially targeted for the travelers who wants to learn basic Japanese language. In the midterm, I included language which are useful during traveling. Yet, the content was rather a one- way lecture type of simply transferring the knowledge of the language. In the final project, I provided a map of Japan with the most popular locations to visit. There, users are asked to test what They’ve learned, and being navigated to the location they want to visit. The question such as “It seems that you want to go to Tokyo. How do you say ‘how to get to~?’ In Japanese? “ This way, the language learning is more contextualized and becomes meaningful. This element makes users more engaged and allow them to imagine the actual setting when they are traveling.  
#####In addition, the feedback I got from the midterm was that there could be more travel related supporting information other than just the language. It seems that people are concern of many things such as cultural differences, good places to visit or eat, traveling tips etc. In terms of culture, people were worried that in a unique cultural place like Japan, travelers may do something which can offend local people or considered to be rude. They wanted to know these information beforehand of traveling. Also, I happened to have several friends who are visiting Japan this summer, and many of them asked recommendation of places to visit and eat. With the visualization of map, it helps users to navigate themselves easier in the popular locations, and gain relevant information. Since the target audience’s ultimate purpose of learning language is to have great time in Japan, these information are relevant for the target audience, and potentially make them excited about their travel.
#####Overall, I tried to create a website which is based on the users’ needs. Travelers concern such as the language, cultural knowledge, places to visit, etc are provided based on the real people’s voices who are planning their visit to Japan. I hope this website will make the travelers experience in Japan more enjoyable and exciting. 
